"If you doodoo on yourself... And i live by that." -Tyler The Creator
"All warfare is based -Sun Tzu
"The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has it's limits." -Albert Einstein
"When you come to a fork in the road, take it." -Yogi Berra
"Please help. I'm stuck inside the quote function of this bot, and i can't get out." -Piracy enjoyer
"Somewhere deep down there's a decent man in me, he just can't be found." -Eminem
"A delayed game is eventually good, but a rushed game is forever bad." -Shiegeru Miyamoto
"My body is ready." -Reggie Fils-Aime
"After a while, you learn to ignore the names people call you and just trust who you are." -Shrek
"When you are in the light, everything follows you, but when you enter into the dark, even your own shadow dosen't follow you." -Adolf Hitler
"Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise."\-Frank Ocean
"The devil dosen't wear Prada, i'm clearly in a fucking white tee." -Tyler The Creator
"shag means shank right" -Matthew
"Why do people say 'grow some balls'? Balls are weak and sensitive, if you really wanna get tough grow a vagina. Those things take a pounding." -Sheng Wang
"I did not have sexual relations with that woman." -Bill Clinton.
"It is easy to make promises, it is hard work to keep them." -Boris Johnson
"If capitalism doesn't work, then why do i have so much money?" -Jeff Bezos
"The problem with pissing on my grave is you eventually run out of piss." -Margaret Thatcher
"do not google diisopropyl ether boiling point in celsius" -squidward
"People get shot by people, People with guns" -Freddie mercury
"Socialism is when the government does stuff, and it's more socialism the more stuff it does. And if it does a REAL lotta stuff, it's communism." -Richard Wolff
"Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." -Martin Luther King
"Have no fear of perfection, you'll never reach it." -Salvador Dali
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." -Albert Einstein
"We can complain because rose bushes have thorns, or rejoice because thorn bushes have roses." -Abraham Lincoln
"Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." -Dr. Seuss
"We chose to go to the moon in this decade and do the other things not because they are easy, but because they are hard." -John Fitzgerald Kennedy
"Remember that no matter how cool you think you may be, you're not cool enough to look down on anyone... Ever." -Paul Walker
"Don't sweat the pretty things and don't pet the sweaty things." -George Carlin
"Now i am become death, the destroyer of worlds." -J. Robert Oppenheimer
"Now i am become sleepy, the goer to bed." -J. Robert Oppenheimer (tired)