Show the most embarrassing photo on your phone.
Say something dirty to the person on your left.
Let the rest of the group DM someone from your Discord account.
Eat a banana without using your hands.
Twerk for a minute.
Eat a raw onion.
Tweet something the rest of the group decides.
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind.
Empty out your wallet/purse and show everyone what’s inside.
Try to put your whole fist in your mouth.
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Do your best impression of a baby being born.
Try to lick your elbow.
Pretend to be a person in the group of your choosing for 1 round.
Be someone’s pet for the next 5 minutes.
Say two honest things about everyone else in the group.
Put as many snacks into your mouth at once as you can.
Try and make the group laugh as quickly as possible.
Tell everyone an embarrassing story about yourself.
Tell the saddest story you know.
Curse like sailor for 20 seconds straight.
Howl like a wolf.
Serenade the person of your choosing.
Talk in an accent for the next 3 rounds.
Make every person in the group laugh, keep going until everyone has laughed.
Tell us the best pun you can think of.
Eat five tablespoons of a condiment.
Sell a piece of trash to someone in the group using your best salesmanship.
Imitate a celebrity every time you talk.
Seduce a member of the same gender in the group.
Compose a poem on the spot based on something the group comes up with.
After the group chooses one rude word, sing a song and insert that rude word once into every line of the song.
Act like whatever animal someone yells out for the next 1 minute.
Eat one teaspoon of the spiciest thing you have in the kitchen.
Sit in a spinning chair and spin for 30 seconds.
Jump up and down as high as you can go for a full minute.
Sing a praise song about a person of the groups choosing.
Beg and plead the person the rest of the group chooses not to leave you for that other boy or girl. Keep going until the person agrees to stay.
Choose a person to tell you what to draw on your face with a pen.
Imitate popular YouTube videos until someone can guess the video you are imitating.
Make up a 30-second opera about a person or people in the group and perform it.