test
my dick smell like cheetos
i want to hold heir hand, i want to put my arm around them, i want to hold them close to me, i want to love them so bad but i can¡¯t and i¡¯m so fucking bad at moving on, they don¡¯t like men and i feel disgusting for feeling these things but at the same time i can¡¯t help it i¡¯m such an idiot my god
i have so much love to give and it¡¯s so draining emotionally to get a crush on every single person i meet and then have to come to terms with the fact that they won¡¯t like me, don¡¯t like men, they don¡¯t like me or are taken. i¡¯m so tired of it
I need my back blown out, maybe that would fix my spine problems, any takers?
there are so many fucked up sexual things i would like to try and then i think of the logistics meaning i would have to have sex and i get grossed out is that pepega or poggers
you havent even been close with your guesses (pussy pussy penis penis so it gets put in nsfw)
just came so hard it hit my pillow
ignore this i just need the photo in my recent saves https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/933799767392264223/985678072151945226/20220415_171435.jpg
and this https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/933799767392264223/985684675613835274/IMG_20200515_023933.jpg
If you go running, walking or do other forms of exercise, how do you avoid sweating? I hate how I feel after I do it.
I went out for a little evening walk, and I sweated a lot. When I came back inside I showered. I still feel horrible, disgusting and sweaty. What gives?
is eating once a day okay? ik it isnt but will I survive? I want to lose weight
I wholeheartedly believe we should abolish timezones
The sun can fuck off
started one of those fuckin sober app thingies, i am going to fail
im so awesome, everyone loves me https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/933799767392264223/987906455661330482/cover4-1.jpg
hey god, me again. is it too much to ask for friends who will love me unconditionally and wont try to sabotage relationships i may be getting into?
i mean people irl
i already have with one, but i am now worried i have more friends like that
although i do think niky is great, shes just one of the little gay people in my phone so it doesn't help much when i have irl problems
oh boy here i go getting a crush on anyone who shows me any form of affection because i¡¯m so starved that literally anything will make me fall in love with them and will inevitably lead to me getting rejected and feel horrible that i do this again
my tits hurt when i touch them. then again, no pain, no gain. how long do they take to grow when on HRT?
question
Is it normal to babysit younger siblings of my family for free ? and by that i mean babysit them for like 3-6h per day expect weekends for few years and iam not even 17 by that point, 2 siblings and 1 special needs kid, having to deal with their fights and arguments. I Basically had to do my school and after that straight to babysit maybe having affect on my social skills and making me a like a parent
i admit i was not the best babysitter but i was trying my hardest and did the best i could
Reply to Jeuse, i was talking about my past and i think the dmg has been already done but i thank you for your time
I think I've gaslit myself (FtM) into being transphobic by pretending to be a cis guy online. I find the thought of telling people I'm trans weird now. I imagine they'll treat me like a lesser person than before if I do that. That's not even the part of my messed up feelings about trans people I feel comfortable sharing, as I don't want anyone to find out who sent this and that they might be a potential bigot.
Why would I not pretend to be cis? I can risk getting attacked by transphobes on the internet all the time, and inevitably being treated as lesser by cis people, which I already (completely subconsciously and aware that it's bad) do to others. Then again, I could just not bother, and continue to speak and post pictures of myself online and have people be unable to tell the difference. I once had a friend say mildly transphobic things to my face, as I'm just a cisgender person in their eyes. No hate to them, they don't know better.. And what the hell is there to be proud of? Oh look I need to screw my body up and people who aren't terminally online will always look at me in a weird way if I don't get insanely lucky. I'd much rather just pass and not have to worry about "pride" to cope for my inability to pass properly.. I'm not attacking anyone, these are just my thoughts.
This should be the first row.. This should be the second row.. This should be the third row.. These shouldn't be a single wall of text.
line1. line2. line3
I am supportive of others. When did I imply that I don't support other trans people? I still don't understand why someone would want to be publicly trans.
I'm perfectly fine with people being publicly transgender, obviously. I just don't understand why someone would prefer that instead of being stealth about it.
If you can't do it IRL, you can present fem online and pass without any issue. Just avoid selfies and voice chats.
why does weight loss take such long time, i just want to be normal sized already but ive been doing this for several months with barely any progress
test
when someone asks how you've been, how are you supposed to tell them your life is terrible? i assume they wouldn't care, and i'm not sure about just messaging someone out of nowhere and hoping they ask how i've been.
hmmm, perhaps I am asexual and just not sex repulsed. I don't feel like i exactly fit the label but its kinda close
dude i fucking started texting my ex again (big surprise) and now they¡¯re posting about how they are working on a new relationship with someone else and i¡¯ve never wanted to kill myself more
i¡¯m so fucking obsessive and disgusting the second i see they¡¯ve moved on and don¡¯t want to date me i immediately feel like shit and want to die? what the fuck is wrong with me? why can¡¯t i fucking move on like a normal person? i¡¯ve ruined my friendships and already got hospitalized once, and i want to do it again but actually succeed this time so i stop fucking being disgusting
i¡¯m going to cover myself in cuts and not take my medicine tonight, and see if it¡¯s truly the night. let¡¯s go!!!!
heads up super fucking triggering, like everything on the list is up there ^
how do you not feel terrible about your voice or appearance compared to other people online
i dont know why people listen to me, i either say the most vacuous shit or just talk with no end in sight
i¡¯m such a fuckin loser god damn lmfao, im talking to my ex only because i want to date them again, im almost certain they don¡¯t feel the same way, the only ¡°indicator¡± is them saying they always thought and still think i¡¯m attractive but that¡¯s because i was talking about self confidence shit and stuff like that, and i feel so fucking lame and gross and stupid they just want to be friends but i want more so badly and god
well i mean it¡¯s just they were talking about how it¡¯s so hard for them to find guy friends who just want to be friends and i am not one of them and it makes me feel like a shitty person
and i know they don¡¯t like me back but for some reason i still stay and ¡°try¡± which really just means i talk to them like normal
i don¡¯t know, probably just desperation or some shit, that¡¯s why i feel horrible about it
i dont even feel good when i nut anymore
Hey chat, why am I like this?
Does jeusebot not like emojis?
I sent in a message with emojis about 20 minutes ago that hasn't been put through yet and others have so I was just wondering if it did not like them
The thought of other people having sex: : thumbsup :. The thought of me ever having sex: : nauseated_face :
No it is not like that, I don't mind other people being sexual and what have you, but the second it is targeted towards me I feel gross and uncomfortable.
i hate body hair i hate body hair i want rid of it i hate it so much its so gross and disgusting
shaving isnt enough i want it gone
that is very expensive
i keep swinging between "i have nowhere to go in life i should end it" to "i can do this its going to get better i just have to keep trying" and it entirely depends on what i read on my little screen
how do you accept the fact that you will never actually pass as a girl in real life
literally how
I wanna fucking cut myself, I swear to god why do I always fuck friendships up? I hate myself so much
hey ummm idk what happened or if its really you but it was your name and the same avatar and you sent a girl erm *\*\*\* stuff like what the fuck? https://discord.gg/ssYhsJC7Vu check #exposed and youll see. anyways until you explain what happened im blocking you. sorry if this is an understanding but i do not wanna take risks with having creeps on my friendslist.
(send to nsfw) you wouldnt believe how much HRT kills your sex drive.. i no longer feel like doing anything after being on e for ~2 weeks
i love when you¡¯re in the bath and you take your arm out of the water and that shit starts steaming in the open air, makes me feel so powerful
